Q: Did you hear oxygen went on a date with potassium? A: It went OK.
If the Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up, they'd be alloys.
The optimist sees the glass half full. The pessimist sees the glass half empty. The chemist sees the glass completely full, half with liquid and half with air.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs any help with his luggage. He says, "No, I'm traveling light."
Organic chemistry is difficult. Those who study it have alkynes of trouble.
Did you just mutate for a stop codon? Because you're talking nonsense!
Q: How did the English major define microtome on his biology exam? A: An itsy bitsy book.
Q: What did Gregor Mendel say when he founded genetics? A: Woopea!
Q: Did you hear about the man who got cooled to absolute zero? A: He's 0K now.
I wish I was adenine, then I could get paired with U.
Q: Anyone know any jokes about sodium? A: Na
Two chemists go into a bar. The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O." The second one says "I think I'll have an H2O too" — and he died.
A couple of biologists had twins. They named one Jessica and the other Control.
Did you hear the one about the recycling triplets? Their names are Polly, Ethel, and Ian.
Q: Why can you never trust atoms? A: They make up everything!
Q: What element is a girl's future best friend? A: Carbon.
I had to make these bad chemistry jokes because all the good ones Argon.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication is the same thing as division.
The name's Bond. Ionic Bond. Taken, not shared.
Q: Why are chemists great for solving problems? A: They have all the solutions.
Q: What do chemists call a benzene ring with iron atoms replacing the carbon atoms? A: A ferrous wheel.
What did the male stamen say to the female pistil? A: I like your "style."
Did you hear about the famous microbiologist who visited 30 different countries and spoke 6 languages? He was a man of many cultures.
A fellow accidentally ingested some alpha-L-glucose and discovered that he had no ill effect. Apparently he was ambidextrose.
Q: What do you call the leader of a biology gang? A: The nucleus
Q: Y'all want to hear a Potassium joke? A: K